hey guys Flux flash or hear from the
League of Legends PvE it just went live
a few moments ago and we have a brand
new shop that we're going to be showing
you today well i guess i'm going to be
showing it today you know same
really so why don't me take a look at it
when you first open up the shop in a
game you're gonna be greeted with this
screen you're not gonna have items
though because I just bought these items
wanted to check some stuff out so we're
gonna get to see and it's awesome
categories under recommended now so
they're going to give you starting items
essential items to have for your
character champion whatever you want to
call them and then offensive and
defensive items which is great so now
it's extremely easy for you to go and
find some of these must-have items on
your champion they've also updated a lot
of the recommended items for Champions
so you're no longer going to be building
swiftness boots on Ash as a recommended
item at least I think they change that
one I have not confirmed that but I will
so in addition to seeing all these
starting items like this you can change
you don't describe you can display them
in a grid mode as you notice there's no
names on the items anymore so if you
don't know the names of these items you
can still mouse over them for the nice
tool tips that tell you everything there
about but this is great for people who
are league of legends of veterans and
you really just know all the items by
icon so I'm just going to switch it back
to the full view for now now let's go
take a look at the all items tab so
switching over here we've now got some
very interesting stuff going on here we
have a bunch of check boxes with a bunch
of different titles here and you can
change the check boxes by clicking on
these or if you want to select multiple
filters you can do it by hitting the
boxes themselves now if you just noticed
i clicked on armor when i click on armor
it's highlighted some of these boxes
have great out the reason why they're
greyed out is because if you were to
select that you would get no items so
let's go with an item with armor damage
and life steal oh look it's Regulus
lantern so we're just going to unselect
everything and
now we have a list of all the items in
the game it's a very very nice sorting
system I guess you could call it now my
favorite part about this and oh my god I
like screamed when I saw this on the
screen shots earlier today you can type
in the item name and it will bring it to
you so I want a bloodthirster oh look
typed in blood there it is what if i
want to buy some wards quick and easy
access even though i can easily buy them
right here without searching for
anything but that's okay by the way
hitting this X with your mouse clears
the form so what if i want a triforce
okay let's look up Trinity oh there it
is what if i type in triforce oh look
there it is again riot created some I
guess aliases you could call them like
bt4 bloodthirster for example and that
stuff's really cool and look oh my god
boots got on my boots so that's
basically that the League of Legends
store looks pretty awesome or i should
say in-game shop rather it's pretty
awesome now nice graphical overhaul kind
of like it kind of down in some ways the
color schemes nice though and of course
down here your items 1 2 3 4 5 & 6 you
can still sell stuff down here and of
course you can just do cool stuff so
that's the new store or shop rather my
bad and guys look forward to more PBE
content on my youtube channel
youtube.com slash books flash or if
you're not watching on here for some
reason i know people like to link my
videos around the internet that's really
cool and so subscribe if you want
to see more of this kind of stuff and if
you don't well thanks for watching
anyways be sure to check out more PvE
videos they are on their way so thank
you for watching and keep being awesome